The joe rogan experience.
Well that's what I,
when I was training for that,
a MMA fight against a comedian.
I trained with Bisping twice and I grappled with this being in business,
not even known for his Jujitsu.
Of course he is,
he,
he's got,
he's a brown belt.
I know his guard.
He's defensive guards.
One of the bests in MMA.
Very rarely to people pass his guard when he's on the ground.
He's,
he's excellent.
But primarily he,
you know,
he's known as a striker primarily.
Primarily don't,
I can't explain to you.
It was like,
I felt like a lion was just toying with me.
It was,
and it was,
it was a strange thing because I had never in my life.
Cause you obviously,
you know,
an MMA fighter can beat you up.
You know,
it professional,
mixed martial artist can beat you up.
But I don't think people realize how badly and how big of the gap it is.
Cause it's not,
it's,
but they don't know Joe,
you know,
people have no fucking clue until you do it.
And I have no idea until this last summer.
And I just,
and he was fucking around with me for a second.
Yeah.
It was terrifying.
And I feel like less of a man.
I can't look at my son in the eyes the same way that I used to be able to.
I don't fuck right.
You know what anymore.
Oh come on,
you'll be alright.
You know what it's like.
It's like,
um,
do you know how people see someone do stand up and they think I can fucking do
that.
Everyone.
That's how we got started.
Cause you're just talking.
You guys just talking.
Yeah.
That's what fighting is like.
It's like you look at a guy like Bisbing and you know he's like a normal guy.
I mean he's obviously very athletic and he's big and everything like that,
but he's,
he's not Shaquille O'Neal.
He's not like get some seven foot substance specimen.
He's a regular size human.
See like,
well he's moving like a regular human.
I could do that.
But you have no idea.
It is beyond helpless.
You have no idea.
Literally no idea.
He grabbed a hold of you.
You are,
you're a dead person.
Almost anybody in the UFC,
any,
any person,
the average person,
even if you're training,
it doesn't matter.
They can take,
you will do what they want to do with it.
There's intellectual levels like I was feeling like that whenever I talk to
people that are really smart,
like I'm gonna have a Sean Carroll or Neil degrasse Tyson or someone on the
podcast,
you talked to him.
He just like,
God damn fucking stupid.
You know,
there's just,
there's levels to this.
There's levels to this understanding of life that's like,
but that's with everything with standup,
but artwork with,
with someone choking the life out of you got to,
since day man,
I been doing Jujitsu since 1996 if I roll with certain people,
just it's a matter of when I'm going to get strangled.
They don't even have to be bigger than me.
It'd be smaller than me.
It's when am I gonna tap?
When's it coming?
I had a friend of mine went out who's like a really athletic dude who I get
heat.
He found a bit of France,
a friend of a friend,
but he trains out of a,
he's like a trainer out of a,
a Gracie school in Florida and going to be one time he,
he got to roll with hoists Gracie and I said no.
I was like,
I was,
what was it like?
Was it like,
was he like that much better?
Because it got us a high level black belt.
Like he was like,
dude,
he was like,
we were talking about levels.
He was like,
he was toying with me like I had never done it before and that's how I,
that's how good those guys are.
35 that's when you start falling apart.
When you look back now with what you know now and all the athletes you've worked
with at the UFC pie,
do you think you would have done anything different in terms of the way back
there?
May even think about it.
I knew what to say.
Yes sir.
Sir.
Dot.
Eight rounds.
Why would just spy rounds?
There's no eight route fights for us.
Oh,
you literally just get it slower forest.
You already slow.
I don't know.
It's again,
being a pioneer like you were,
there wasn't really a whole lot of guys before you that were operating had the
other pioneers like the Randy's and the chunks and that's what they were doing.
Oh,
better be tough of it or do what they do.
That's the craziest thing about MMA is I'm not going to question them.
Boxing it already figured out.
You shouldn't beat the fuck out of each other every day.
They had already kind of figured that.
The other thing they've figured out is
we would work with peep.
I spar with Vandelay,
chuck,
uh,
Randy in boxing.
They don't spar with people.
They're equals past a certain point in camp.
Well,
think about it.
You know,
a lot of it they start like,
is Floyd Mayweather sparring with,
I don't know,
really good people his level?
No,
no,
definitely not.
He's,
he's finding people boxers and he's tooling them.
Yes,
yes.
Yeah.
And they think,
have you heard of them though?
They're not famous and rich,
so they're not the best in the world.
They're not elite.
Whereas you think about like a gym,
like our gym.
Like,
I'll just use Randy's cause I don't want to talk bad about anybody.
You're fighting other champions every day,
right?
Maybe.
Maybe dangerous as fuck.
Yeah,
maybe drill together.
Sure.
Learn from each other or role wrestle,
like control your training,
especially guys that are in the same weight classes you that may some day fight
you.
That's awkward.
Yeah.
And there was no guidebook.
You know guys like Keith Jardeen and Rashad Evans figure it out.
They're like,
all right,
we already had to fight each other.
We'll train together now we won't have to do it again.
It's good move if it works out
and that's just the way this is going to work.
Did you see the video when the Mueller report came out and they look,
look,
somebody got killed.
Oh my God,
it was crazy.
Shit.
Kennedy got shot.
Yeah.
Exit.
Shouldn't you be happy if you guys believed in Mueller?
Everybody was like,
Mueller is the fucking man.
He's going to go get Trump.
This guy,
he's methodical,
he's precise.
Keep getting voted out.
Everything.
Votive candles with his face on them.
They could like bird.
They were pumped.
And then he came out and he was like,
well,
no collusion or was like,
well I guess that now it's a cover up.
It's like,
what,
wait a minute.
Maybe.
Maybe the narrative has it,
maybe the narrative has,
has,
has trumped the actual job you were supposed to do guys?
Well,
it's just so many people were so convinced and there were so many people that
were making statements that in retrospect are probably like you could probably,
I mean,
I don't want to say I'm not a litigious person,
but if I was a guy like Donald Trump,
oh man,
there's so many people to sue.
It was,
it was amazing.
I mean I remember was on Bill Maher's
show and we were supposed to talk about free speech stuff and like five minutes
before and he's like,
let's talk about Russia is producer came in,
let's talk about Russia.
And I was like,
okay,
fine.
So we get on producers for that.
Yeah.
This is like right before they switched the topic for your TV shows where they
tell you what you have to talk.
It comes in with a clipboard.
Yeah,
it was,
it was a little bit,
it was a little bit strange.
And we got on stage and he's talking about Trump,
Russia collusion.
And I said what I've always said,
which is I'll wait for the evidence to come out and then I will make a decision
as to whether Trump,
Russia collusion was a thing and Bill Maher was like,
I know and Bill Margot's you don't,
you don't believe it was a thing.
And I was like,
well,
I don't see any evidence yet that it was a thing.
Like I see some evidence of attempts to collude like Don Jr.
I see some attempts of people trying to get information,
but I don't see evidence of like actual legal collusion.
And why don't we just wait like you guys keep wanting Muller to give us,
like let's just wait on it.
And Mark could not believe that this was my perspective.
Right.
It was like,
it was like shocking to him.
Why should,
why should the perspective,
I'm waiting for more evidence be shocking to anyone when it is obvious the
evidence is not out.
Like why?
Why is that in any way controversial?
It's,
it's bewildering to me.
Yeah.
Well if you live in a house like I do with all girls too,
it's,
it's just everything's girly.
I just,
whatever I'm fine flared said he's like,
I need it to be more specific.
I said I want it to be surrounded by women.
I didn't mean to be related to all of them.
That's hilarious.
I think it's a nature of God's way of balancing off.
They say if guys have elevated body temperature,
so athletes,
people train a lot that they're statistically have a greater chance of having
daughters.
Uh,
because I think they hot,
we call it hot balls basically if he kills off the male sperm.
Hilarious.
And if you look around,
I think so they did a thing on a,
a bunch of guys either in the NFL or whatever and statistically they just have a
lot more daughters.
And I think it's like nature's way of going,
oh,
you're going to be all like moving and active and raw and all this stuff.
Guess what?
They're just getting it.
Put a bunch of girls around you because my daughters say things to my husband,
I could never say as a wife,
you know,
it's like I see it and I just go,
oh yeah,
well they know that for sure.
He loves them so they can get away with it.
They're in.
Yeah.
They can't get fired.
No,
I always say that to them.
Like my youngest daughter,
when she was really little,
like five or six,
she'd say,
okay,
so I'm not really clear with this.
Um,
when I have alone time I'm by myself.
And when you and dad need alone time,
like you're together.
And I try to like,
well you know,
it's important for moms and dads cause you know,
we have to work at it.
I go,
you know,
you're,
you're always going to be dad's daughter.
I,
you know,
I'm,
we're working at being a husband and wife and then she'd keep going with it.
And I finally,
I would just say like,
Hey,
do you want to have Christmas in separate houses?
And I'd see her think for a second like,
well maybe,
you know,
and I'm like,
we need a long time took to present.
She's processing that.
She's like,
well I miss you,
but I dunno.
You know,
so it's all that dance,
you know?
Yeah.
Cause daughters,
man,
they don't miss a trick and they're on you and they're on their dad like
nobody's business.
Well my friends would have sons.
The way they say it is,
it's like you can take one of two things.
Either you have this wild animal that's tearing things apart or you have someone
who's screaming and crying about something you don't understand.
Yeah.
Take your pick judo.
Yeah,
a mental destroyer or a physical destroyer.
Yeah.
Walls with holes and broken,
broken bones.
Boys and girls.
It's like I have learned so much being a mother,
two daughters and I've been around women my whole life.
You figure playing volleyball and being around tons of women.
It's very different.
As a parent
he would go after you mad.
It's like you just want to step back and watch.
I remember he got bill burns,
so marijuana.
Oh,
Bill used to get so fucking mad.
Beautiful thing about Bill Barbara.
We'd be snapping.
Bill Bill has got to get my bag.
It's just not funny.
If you went up to him.
None of it's funny.
You're laughing.
You build like where's the punchline in it?
There's no punchline.
He is so fucking mad.
We,
the comedy cellar,
the days that we had their man bill barber tree,
so Neil,
Keith Robinson,
Jim Norton,
Collin Quinn,
myself.
Um,
when I say we would sit at this table,
Woo,
said this table for four to five hours and it will be nothing but beautiful
trash sins to one another.
When I say they used to give me so much shit,
that's probably why it's so hard to bother me.
Now the trashcans that I took from the age 20 to 24 and my young comedic career
about how awful I was,
I had a joke.
I had a joke way at the beginning of my career because of the times.
Let me preface this.
This was way in the beginning of my career.
This was a joke that I had about,
uh,
about a little people midgets at the time and it's,
you know,
it was so bad tools.
I got robbed by cross eyed niche and the joke was I didn't know he was robbing
me cause I was with somebody else.
So he was looking at my friend,
but he was robbing me.
It was like a play on be a cry.
It was very,
very awful joke.
I remember telling this joke in our phone,
book comes flying on a state,
put trees through a fucking phone book at me.
I'll talk him.
This is the where the Boston comedy club,
people in a crowd,
tiny little place.
All you heard was,
and you sit back,
it hits the floor Seo.
What the fuck?
And Patrice said,
read it.
Is better material in it then what you're saying?
Nah,
crawls does laughing.
He's Ah,
they all,
they used to trash me so bad.
So bad man.
Uh,
are legendary retreats,
some news story,
a corporate trees jerking off at my house before
I moved to La.
I'm staying in the two bedroom apartment.
I just got there,
but she was coming out.
I said,
Yo,
do you need place as I,
I got two bedrooms.
You can come near my ex wife at the time.
Uh,
you know,
I come home,
it's like afternoon,
like put trees.
I'm my yo,
you haul but traced,
portrays.
I go on the back,
open up the door.
I said,
it's big.
It has computer.
All I see is this back hunched over.
It's like baby oil right out here.
And I come in,
I'm like,
Yo,
what you doing?
He's like,
Yo,
get out.
Get Out.
You can check it off at my house.
He's so sick.
He's so fucking sick that he didn't stop.
He was so concerned with finishing day.
He didn't even break stride.
He didn't turn around and not get out.
Get Out.
You just saw his back hunch.
He came out like seven minutes later.
It was like my bad.
I ain't know you was coming home,
dude.
I fucking Patrice man.
I love him to death.
Love him to death.